Some existing applications that are similar to our application are Bloons TD 6 (https://ninjakiwi.com/Games/Mobile/Bloons-TD-6.html) and Plants vs. Zombies (https://www.ea.com/studios/popcap/plants-vs-zombies). These apps are similar to our app because they follow the concept of Tower Defense games which is a subgenre of strategy games where the objective is to defend the player's territories/possessions by obstructing the enemies that are attacking. These obstructions are usually achieved by placing various defensive structures. 

Now, the difference between our app and the competitor’s apps is the storyline and the overall theme, as our application portrays a fantasy theme. Plants vs. Zombies differs in storyline from our product as the game is located in a zombie apocalypse and the player uses plants as their line of defence to protect the home.  With Bloons TD 6, the overall theme of the game revolves around the player using a variety of different monkeys to stop the balloons from passing by popping them. With both these competitor games they can be seen as abstract concepts/themes (for instance, the idea of plants fighting zombies). There is no general structure or history behind the creation of these games as the concepts are foreign and abstract. Additionally, in Plants vs. Zombies there is no map layout; the game is played on the same layout where there exists 5 rows which the user can place defences and enemies attack from. In our app, the map ranges across the screen and consists of various twists and turns to make the game strategically challenging. 

Now with our application, there is a sense of familiarity as the theme is fantasy where creatures such as dragons try to destroy the castle towers, but the player is able to place soldiers such as archers to defend against them. There is research and history behind the attacking enemies and defenders as our concepts come from past historical events. This concept makes it easier for new users to become familiar with the environment as well as become better at the game because the objective is not abstract. Specific scenarios include the user having to place multiple towers or lines of defence to defend against attacks from enemies such as dragons or knights. The user is in control of the defences and has to adjust them accordingly to the attacking enemies. In Plants vs. Zombies and Bloons TD 6, they do not have any concepts that are based on historical events. We believe that the developers of this game did not focus on these users and scenarios because it would be added research and data that they would have to account for. We believe that if those games were not based on abstract concepts, then the developers would model their applications similar to ours.
